Liar, Liar

As a newbie on a particular internet discussion board, you notice a distinct
trend among its veteran members; everyone seems to be either unfailingly honest
or compulsively deceptive. You decide to try to identify the members of the two
groups, starting with the assumption that every senior member either never lies
or never tells the truth. You compile as much data as possible, asking each
person for a list of which people are liars. Since the people you are asking
have been around on the board for a long time, you may assume that they have
perfect knowledge of who is trustworthy and who is not. Each person will respond
with a list of people that they accuse of being liars. Everyone on the board can
see that you are a tremendous n00b, so they will grudgingly give you only
partial lists of who the liars are. Of course these lists are not to be taken at
face value because of all the lying going on.

You must write a program to determine, given all the information you've
collected from the discussion board members, which members have the same
attitude toward telling the truth. It's a pretty popular discussion board, so
your program will need to be able to process a large amount of data quickly and
efficiently.


Input Specifications

Your program must take a single command line argument; the name of a file. It
must then open the file and read out the input data. The data begins with the
number of veteran members n followed by a newline. It continues with n chunks of
information, each defining the accusations made by a single member. Each chunk
is formatted as follows:

<accuser name> <m>

followed by m lines each containing the name of one member that the accuser says
is a liar. accuser name and m are separated by some number of tabs and spaces. m
will always be in [0, n]. All member names contain only alphabetic characters
and are unique and case-sensitive.

Example input file:

5
Stephen   1
Tommaso
Tommaso   1
Galileo
Isaac     1
Tommaso
Galileo   1
Tommaso
George    2
Isaac
Stephen


Output Specifications

Your output must consist of two numbers separated by a single space and followed
by a newline, printed to standard out. The first number is the size of the
larger group between the liars and the non-liars. The second number is the size
of the smaller group. You are guaranteed that exactly one correct solution
exists for all test data.

Example output:
3 2
